feat(android): Note about beta auto-installation feature on the wizard (#4979)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/android/index.md

type: framework
---

> > Want to play with some new features? Try out our beta [Auto-Installation](#auto-installation-with-the-sentry-android-gradle-plugin) feature.

Reviewer: It does not work, you have to add the full url

> > Want to play with some new features? Try out our beta [Auto-Installation](#auto-installation-with-the-sentry-android-gradle-plugin) feature.

Author: No bloody idea how I can add a full url to this page, probably I can't?

> > Want to play with some new features? Try out our beta [Auto-Installation](#auto-installation-with-the-sentry-android-gradle-plugin) feature.

Reviewer 2: I can't find an example of linking to the heading within the wizard page in the any of the wizard files. I think just do this:

```suggestion
> Want to play with some new features? Try out our beta Auto-Installation feature documented below.
```

> > Want to play with some new features? Try out our beta [Auto-Installation](#auto-installation-with-the-sentry-android-gradle-plugin) feature.

Author: Sounds good, I think I would reorder the entries then (so, auto-installation over the manual one). Since the auto-installation one has a beta note in it, it's prominent enough that it's not stable I think

}
```

> ### Auto-Installation With the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin

Author: ```suggestion
### Auto-Installation With the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin (Beta)
```
